Updated the Troubleshooting section with details on using Synchronous mode and Celery (#5841)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/python/index.md

*Experimental feature, available since `1.3.0b1`.*

> In some cases, you will want to disable threads and send each request synchronously. For instance, if your source is managing tasks asynchronously using software like [Celery](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/getting-started/introduction.html), consider enabling this option to resolve potential conflicts with the Segment Python library's threading system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you will want to disable threads and send each request synchronously. If your source is managing tasks asynchronously using software like [Celery](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/getting-started/introduction.html){:target="_blank”}, consider enabling this option to resolve potential conflicts with the Segment Python library's threading system.
```
